Add dialog to create annotations from event intervals (#534)
cbrnr/mnelab: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED] - YYYY-MM-DD
### ✨ Added

> - Add dialog to create annotations from events or event intervals ([#534](https://github.com/cbrnr/mnelab/pull/534) by [Fabian Schellander](https://github.com/SchellanderF))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add dialog to create annotations from events or between specific events ([#534](https://github.com/cbrnr/mnelab/pull/534) by [Fabian Schellander](https://github.com/SchellanderF))
```
